Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 1.2.0 (#2598)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1.2.0-remove-subassets-module-import-from-add-asset-module.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Remove SubassetsModule Import from AddAssetModule"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Removed unintended SubassetsModule import from AddAssetModule"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1597"
version: "1.2.0"
---

> The SubassetsModule is imported into the AddAssetModule, making it functional even when its plugin is not installed in the DTM. This unintended behavior occurs because installing the AddAssetModule implicitly includes the SubassetsModule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AddAssetModule was automatically importing the SubassetsModule, creating an unwanted dependency. This caused the SubassetsModule to remain active even after its plugin was uninstalled from DTM. With this change we have removed the automatic import of SubassetsModule from AddAssetModule.
```

> The AddAssetModule was automatically importing the SubassetsModule, creating an unwanted dependency. This caused the SubassetsModule to remain active even after its plugin was uninstalled from DTM. With this change we have removed the automatic import of SubassetsModule from AddAssetModule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `AddAssetModule` automatically imported the `SubassetsModule`, creating an unwanted dependency. This caused the `SubassetsModule` to remain active even after its plugin was uninstalled from DTM. With this change the automatic import of the `SubassetsModule`has been removed from the `AddAssetModule`.
```
